v1.0.0-beta.99 (#708)
Redocly/redocly-cli: docs/changelog.md

# Redocly CLI changelog

## 1.0.0-beta.99 (2022-05-25)

### Features

> - Added `response-contains-header` & `response-contains-property` built-in rules.
> - Added bundle option to keep url references.
> - Added new built-in rule `scalar-property-missing-example`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added three new built-in rules: `response-contains-header`, `response-contains-property`, `scalar-property-missing-example`.
- The `bundle` command supports a new option `--keep-url-references`. Use it to prevent Redocly CLI from resolving external URL references during bundling.
```
